Update doc on sheet name and duplicates (#264)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model-io: docs/converters/vision_converter.md

So far we have the following issue known to us related to Vision exported spread sheets. We provide a solution from user perspective to the best of our knowledge.

### Duplicated `P` columns

> Vision can export sheets with duplicated `P` columns, one of which being unitless additional information. This field is of no actual purpose within PGM calculation. In case of duplicate column names, PGM-IO renames them to eg. `P`, `P_2` and so on. However the change in mapping to the duplicate name should be done manually by the user in a custom mapping file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vision can export sheets with duplicated `P` columns, one of which being unitless additional information. This field is of no actual purpose within PGM calculation. In case of duplicate column names, PGM-IO renames them e.g., from `P` to `P_2` and so on. However, the change in mapping to the duplicate name should be done manually by the user in a custom mapping file.
```

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
Vision can export sheets with duplicated `P` columns, one of which being unitless additional information. This field is of no actual purpose within PGM calculation. In case of duplicate column names, PGM-IO renames them. The renaming is done in following way for example in case of a single duplicate:  `P` and `P_2`. However, the change in mapping to the duplicate name should be done manually by the user in a custom mapping file.
```

**Tip:** We advice users to uncheck the `specifics` when exporting from Vision and an extra `P` column would not appear.

### Different names for columns
In different versions of exports, user can sometimes find different names for columns. For example, the column name `N1` might be represented as `Grounding1` in some exports. To address this, the `VisionExcelConverter`'s `terms_changed` argument can be used.

### Sheets being ignored

> In different versions of exports, user can find different names for the spreadsheets. All sheets not specified in the mapping file are ignored for conversion. Hence if the mapping has an incorrect sheet name, they would not be considered in conversion and no error shall be given out. The user should use the adequate mapping file for different vision versions. And if the default mapping is modified, it is advised to verify if all required sheets are being converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In different versions of exports, user can find different names for the spreadsheets. All sheets not specified in the mapping file are ignored for conversion. Hence if the mapping has an incorrect sheet name, they would not be considered in conversion and no error shall be thrown. The user should use the adequate mapping file for different Vision versions. If the default mapping is modified, it is advised to verify if all required sheets are being converted.
```
